src/Hst.Imager.GuiApp/readme.md, before:

﻿# Hst Imager Gui

[<img src="../../assets/hst-imager-gui.png" width="75%" alt="Hst Imager Gui" />](../../assets/hst-imager-gui.png)

## Features

Hst Imager gui comes with following features:
- List physical drives.
- Read information from physical drive or image file.
- Read physical drive to image file.
- Write image file to physical drive.
- Convert image file between .img/.hdf and .vhd.
- Create blank .img/.hdf and .vhd image file.
- Optimize image file size.

## Supported operating systems

Hst Imager supports following operating systems:
- Windows
- macOS
- Linux

## Installation

### Windows 64-bit

Install Hst Imager for Windows 64-bit with following steps:

1. Download Hst Imager Windows x64 setup .exe from [releases](https://github.com/henrikstengaard/hst-imager/releases).
2. Double-click downloaded Hst Imager macOS setup .exe in Windows Explorer.
3. First time Hst Imager started, SmartProtect will prevent it from starting as it's downloaded from web and not signed.
4. Click "More info".
5. Click "Run anyway".

Hst Imager for Windows 64-bit is now starting and ready to use.

A portable version is also available for Windows, which can be started without installing Hst Imager.

### macOS 64-bit

Install Hst Imager for macOS 64-bit with following steps:

1. Download Hst Imager macOS x64 .dmg from [releases](https://github.com/henrikstengaard/hst-imager/releases).
2. Double-click downloaded Hst Imager macOS .dmg in Finder, Downloads.
3. Drag Hst Imager to Applications.
4. Double-click Hst Imager in Applications to start Hst Imager.
5. First time Hst Imager is started a warning will popup saying it's be opened because the developer cannot be verified.
6. Click "Cancel".
7. Open System Preferences, Security & Privacy, General and click "Open Anyway".
8. A warning will popup if you are sure you want to open Hst Imager.
9. Click "Open" to start Hst Imager.

Hst Imager for macOS 64-bit is now starting and ready to use.

### Linux 64-bit - Ubuntu with desktop

Install Hst Imager for Linux 64-bit with following steps:

1. Download Hst Imager Linux x64 .deb from [releases](https://github.com/henrikstengaard/hst-imager/releases).
2. Open Terminal.
3. Type `sudo dpkg -i .deb` and press enter to install Hst Imager debian package. Note path to .deb might be different depending on release downloaded and where it's extracted.
4. Open Hst Imager in show applications.

Hst Imager for 64-bit Linux is now starting and ready to use.

Commit message:

Update commands to use disk instead of physicaldrive for physical drive path in windows operating system. Add debug logs for windows physical drive manager

src/Hst.Imager.GuiApp/readme.md, after:

﻿# Hst Imager Gui

[<img src="../../assets/hst-imager-gui.png" width="75%" alt="Hst Imager Gui" />](../../assets/hst-imager-gui.png)

Gui version of Hst Imager to read and write disk images to and from physical drives.

This tool can be used to create new blank images or create images of physical drives like hard disks, SSD, CF- and MicroSD-cards for backup and/or modification and then write them to physical drives.

> **Warning**
> Hst Imager has been tested extensively regarding it's raw disk access.
> However it's highly recommended to make a backup of your physical drive or image file, so your working with a copy in case Hst Imager might corrupt it.
> **YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED NOW!**

> **Warning**
> Hst Imager filters out fixed disks, so only USB attached physical drives are accessible. Be very sure to select the correct physical drive. Otherwise Hst Imager might destroy your disk and it's file system.
> Raw disk access requires administrator privileges and a popup will be shown for Hst Imager requesting administrator privileges when needed.

## Features

Hst Imager gui comes with following features:
- List physical drives.
- Read information from physical drive or image file.
- Read physical drive to image file.
- Write image file to physical drive.
- Convert image file between .img/.hdf and .vhd.
- Create blank .img/.hdf and .vhd image file.
- Optimize image file size.

## Supported operating systems

Hst Imager supports following operating systems:
- Windows
- macOS
- Linux

## Administrator privileges

Hst Imager starts without administrator privileges allowing it to be used for image files.

When using a command that requires access to physical drives, Hst Imager will shown a popup for "Hst.Imager.GuiApp.exe" requesting administrator privileges to access physical drives.

## Installation

### Windows 64-bit

Install Hst Imager for Windows 64-bit with following steps:

1. Download Hst Imager Windows x64 setup .exe from [releases](https://github.com/henrikstengaard/hst-imager/releases).
2. Double-click downloaded Hst Imager macOS setup .exe in Windows Explorer.
3. First time Hst Imager started, SmartProtect will prevent it from starting as it's downloaded from web and not signed.
4. Click "More info".
5. Click "Run anyway".

Hst Imager for Windows 64-bit is now starting and ready to use.

A portable version is also available for Windows, which can be started without installing Hst Imager.

### macOS 64-bit

Install Hst Imager for macOS 64-bit with following steps:

1. Download Hst Imager macOS x64 .dmg from [releases](https://github.com/henrikstengaard/hst-imager/releases).
2. Double-click downloaded Hst Imager macOS .dmg in Finder, Downloads.
3. Drag Hst Imager to Applications.
4. Double-click Hst Imager in Applications to start Hst Imager.
5. First time Hst Imager is started a warning will popup saying it's be opened because the developer cannot be verified.
6. Click "Cancel".
7. Open System Preferences, Security & Privacy, General and click "Open Anyway".
8. A warning will popup if you are sure you want to open Hst Imager.
9. Click "Open" to start Hst Imager.

Hst Imager for macOS 64-bit is now starting and ready to use.

### Linux 64-bit - Ubuntu with desktop

Install Hst Imager for Linux 64-bit with following steps:

1. Download Hst Imager Linux x64 .deb from [releases](https://github.com/henrikstengaard/hst-imager/releases).
2. Open Terminal.
3. Type `sudo dpkg -i .deb` and press enter to install Hst Imager debian package. Note path to .deb might be different depending on release downloaded and where it's extracted.
4. Open Hst Imager in show applications.

Hst Imager for 64-bit Linux is now starting and ready to use.
